Fixed support for null and false values when binding parameters (#94)
crate/crate-pdo: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Fix: binding NULL as a parameter would not persist as NULL or cause an error depending on the column data type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `cast` exception when binding a NULL value to a parameter which is not of type PDO::PARAM_NULL.
```

> - Fix: binding FALSE as a parameter would persist as TRUE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed boolean parsing when binding a PDO::PARAM_BOOL parameter value.
```
